_docs/code-organization.md, before:

# Folder structure 

### Database access
`app/backend.server/models`

Contains database queries, including CRUD and validation. Each new object type requires functions for all operations.

### Remix routes
`app/routes`

#### UI Routes
Handles both full URLs and URL segments. Segments are for building nested layouts.

#### API Routes
`app/routes/api+`
Defined external API endpoints, and non json api (files, images).

###  Request handlers
`app/backend.server/handlers`
Utility functions for building Remix actions and loaders.

### Frontend
`app/frontend`
Contains code that runs on both the server and browser. Mostly UI related. No direct database access.

- form.tsx - Shared form components.
- dev_example1.tx - Example of how to build form and view using field definitions.

# Adding new object or form

## Database table
`app/drizzle/schema.ts`
Define database schema.

```
export const devExample1Table = pgTable("dev_example1", {
	id: serial("id").primaryKey(),
	field1: text("field1").notNull().unique(),
});

export type DevExample1 = typeof devExample1Table.$inferSelect;
export type DevExample1Insert = typeof devExample1Table.$inferInsert;
```

## Database access
`app/backend.server/models/dev_example1.ts`
Add queries.

## Form definition
`app/frontend/dev_example1/form.ts`
Add form definition, including a list of fields.

## Routes
`app/routes/dev_example1`
Create routes.
- edit.$id.tsx - Create and update form (/edit/new for creating a new record).
- $id.tsx - View record.
- _index.tsx  - List records.
- delete.$id.tsx - Delete a record.

Commit message:

Implemented all specified tasks except 'Caching the content of the page locally', which was discarded as discussed and agreed due to complexity. Fetching the page is handled by an external libary, making caching infeasible #30

_docs/code-organization.md, after:

# Folder structure

### Database access

`app/backend.server/models`

Contains database queries, including CRUD and validation. Each new object type requires functions for all operations.

### Remix routes

`app/routes`

#### UI Routes

Handles both full URLs and URL segments. Segments are for building nested layouts.

#### API Routes

`app/routes/api+`
Defined external API endpoints, and non json api (files, images).

### Request handlers

`app/backend.server/handlers`
Utility functions for building Remix actions and loaders.

### Frontend

`app/frontend`
Contains code that runs on both the server and browser. Mostly UI related. No direct database access.

- form.tsx - Shared form components.
- dev_example1.tx - Example of how to build form and view using field definitions.

# Adding new object or form

## Database table

`app/drizzle/schema.ts`
Define database schema.

```
export const devExample1Table = pgTable("dev_example1", {
	id: serial("id").primaryKey(),
	field1: text("field1").notNull().unique(),
});

export type DevExample1 = typeof devExample1Table.$inferSelect;
export type DevExample1Insert = typeof devExample1Table.$inferInsert;
```

## Database access

`app/backend.server/models/dev_example1.ts`
Add queries.

## Form definition

`app/frontend/dev_example1/form.ts`
Add form definition, including a list of fields.

## Routes

`app/routes/dev_example1`
Create routes.

- edit.$id.tsx - Create and update form (/edit/new for creating a new record).
- $id.tsx - View record.
- \_index.tsx - List records.
- delete.$id.tsx - Delete a record.

## types

`app/types/global_example1.d.ts`
Place files in this directory where global types or declarations are stored.

## information-pages-override
End user will use this folder to place .md files which will be used to load its content by the loadMardownContent.tsx .
