_docs/technical-documentation.md, before:

# Version History

| Version | Date (YYYY-MM-DD) | Author        | Description                                       |
| ------- | ----------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.0     | 2025-01-08        | Haroon Nasher | Initial draft of the DTS technical documentation. |

---

## Minimum System Requirements and Deployment Guidelines

These are the minimum system requirements and deployment guidelines for installing DTS on a server. If your device does not meet these requirements, you may need to upgrade your hardware or consider purchasing a new server.

### 1. System Requirements

#### a. Hardware Requirements:

1. Processor: Minimum 4-core CPU
2. RAM: 8GB RAM
3. Storage: 100GB storage or larger storage device

#### b. Operating Systems:

Supported platforms: Windows, Linux

#### c. Browser Compatibility:

Modern web browsers like Chrome, Firefox, or Edge

---

### 2. Deployment

The system is packaged as Docker containers, making it portable and straightforward to deploy on any infrastructure that supports Docker.

---

### 3. Installation Types

DTS offers two deployment options:

- **Country Instance:** Hosted and managed by the country’s local infrastructure.
- **UNDRR Instance:** Hosted on the UN Cloud System, providing a centralized, secure, and globally accessible solution.

---

### 4. Installing DTS as Country Instance

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies
3. Configure the environment
4. Database setup
5. Build and Deploy

---

### 5. Installing DTS as UNDRR Instance

(To be added.)

---

### 6. Open-Source Technology Stack & Reference

#### a. Backend Technologies:

1. Programming Language: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
2. Framework: [Remix](https://remix.run/)
3. Database: [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) for relational data management with [PostGIS](https://postgis.net/)

#### b. Frontend Technologies:

1. Framework/library: [React](https://react.dev/)
2. Styling tools

#### c. APIs and Integrations:

1. RESTful API, SFM

#### d. Containerization:

1. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

#### e. Icons:

1. Icons coming from Mangrove
2. Icons coming from PreventionWeb site
3. Icons coming from fontawesome site
4. Icons coming from [react-icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)

---

### 7. System Architecture

#### a. Application Architecture:

(To be added.)

#### b. Data Flow:

(To be added.)

#### c. Security Features:

1. Authentication methods (e.g., OAuth2, JWT)

---

---

### 8. Support and Documentation

The support and maintenance will be provided in-house for the **UNDRR instance** and for the shared code base available for all countries.  
For country-specific needs, a self-help website will be set up with:

- Code sharing
- Comprehensive user manuals

Commit message:

Implemented all specified tasks except 'Caching the content of the page locally', which was discarded as discussed and agreed due to complexity. Fetching the page is handled by an external libary, making caching infeasible #30

_docs/technical-documentation.md, after:

# Version History

| Version | Date (YYYY-MM-DD) | Author        | Description                                       |
| ------- | ----------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.0     | 2025-01-08        | Haroon Nasher | Initial draft of the DTS technical documentation. |

---

## Minimum System Requirements and Deployment Guidelines

    These are the minimum system requirements and deployment guidelines for installing DTS on a server. If your device does not meet these requirements, you may need to upgrade your hardware or consider purchasing a new server.

### 1. System Requirements

#### a. Hardware Requirements:

  1. Processor: Minimum 4-core CPU
  2. RAM: 8GB RAM
  3. Storage: 100GB storage or larger storage device

#### b. Operating Systems:

    Supported platforms: Windows, Linux

#### c. Browser Compatibility:

    Modern web browsers like Chrome, Firefox, or Edge

---

### 2. Deployment

    DTS system can be of two types:
    1. Packaged as Docker containers, making it portable and straightforward to deploy on any infrastructure that supports Docker.
    2. Zipped file, which can be unzipped on your own server of selection.

---

### 3. Installation Types

    DTS offers two deployment options:

- **Docker container:** Packaged as Docker containers, making it portable and straightforward to deploy on any infrastructure that supports Docker.
- **Zipped file:** Hosted and managed by the country’s local infrastructure.

---

### 4. Installing DTS as Country Instance

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies
3. Configure the environment
4. Database setup
5. Build and Deploy

---

### 5. Installing DTS as UNDRR Instance

(To be added.)

---

### 6. Open-Source Technology Stack & Reference

#### a. Backend Technologies:

1. Programming Language: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
2. Framework: [Remix](https://remix.run/)
3. Database: [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) for relational data management with [PostGIS](https://postgis.net/)

#### b. Frontend Technologies:

1. Framework/library: [React](https://react.dev/)
2. Styling tools

#### c. APIs and Integrations:

1. RESTful API, SFM

#### d. Containerization:

1. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

#### e. Icons:

1. Icons coming from Mangrove
2. Icons coming from PreventionWeb site
3. Icons coming from fontawesome site
4. Icons coming from [react-icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)

---

### 7. System Architecture

#### a. Application Architecture:

(To be added.)

#### b. Data Flow:

(To be added.)

#### c. Security Features:

1. Authentication methods (e.g., OAuth2, JWT)

---

---

### 8. Support and Documentation

    The support and maintenance will be provided in-house for the **UNDRR instance** and for the shared code base available for all countries.  
    For country-specific needs, a self-help website will be set up with:

- Code sharing
- Comprehensive user manuals

### 9. FAQ
